It is the ability of those computer systems to learn by themselves, either by collecting data, running tests ...
I believe that artificial intelligence is the intelligence that humans give to electronic devices to perform certain functions.
The "brain" of some NPCs in some systems
It is a machine that reacts to what you say or do for example: you say hello and it answers hello, how are you?
Is technology
Not
Not much.
Artificial intelligence is something that we create and manage
The intelligence of machines
Not
A software that allows executing and making appropriate decisions according to each situation
A program or machine that is capable of learning by itself.
an object or system that has its own language, so it makes its own decisions and has memory
an artificial intelligence is INTERNET
The machines or operating systems that help in the day to day.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is the purpose of creating machines that have the same capabilities as humans.
A device that is more comfortable
It is something that we do not control
Artificial intelligence is a type of intelligence created by humans, which depending on how you program it, will do one thing or another.
For me artificial intelligence thinks like a human
Artificial intelligence is that carried out by machines.
Artificial intelligence is a machine, such as a robot, a cotxe ...
Artificial Intelligence is a resource that consists in that machines can learn new things without the supervision of a human being and that they can use this data to solve problems that without Artificial Intelligence would be very difficult to solve.
The way a device interprets the information it obtains and the way it expresses it.
It is the way in which machines "think", they are computer creations, programs and methods that can understand large amounts of information and predict and analyze what to do with it; tries to simulate the way humans recognize and identify data
I think it's fine up to a point, I think it's very useful, but I don't think that getting to the point where it's only the machines that work is completely extreme, since people also need to work.
This artificial intelligence I think is intelligence, but with electronic things and things like that, like robots and all that.
The intelligence that is made by the human being.
It is the intelligence that computers, mobile phones ...
Programs that learn from the data entered to later generate a response
It is like a gift that we pass on to a machine or some creation to which we want to transfer knowledge so that in this way we have another artificial being with said intelligence and, in the case of an android, they can even continue learning on the fly.
It's what makes computing work
It is a type of intelligence that through programmable algorithms is capable of simulating human thought. This can be implemented in programs for various uses.
Artificial intelligence is a feature implemented within the devices through programming so that they perform various tasks without us being pending.
It is an intelligence superior to ours knows what is going to happen and what we are going to do.
It is the ability of computers to do things that have not been directly programmed
It is a robot, like when you play a game and there are bots.
It is an intelligence that is created by man
is the intelligence that a machine has
I believe that artificial intelligence is that machines, electronic devices, etc., manage to think like human beings.
It is an invention, which as its name indicates, They are systems that you think like humans when being invented receives the name of ¨artificial¨
It is the ability of a robot to learn by itself
It is the design and programming of robots.
The development of artificial computer programs and systems that perform actions, which in the case of having been carried out by humans, we would not hesitate to affirm that the use of intelligence is necessary.
It is a software that is programmed into a robot or machine that enables it to receive information and learn little by little from them and to give automatic responses without having to be programmed
It is an artificial entity that learns by itself.
human intelligence reflected in machines or devices
machine capable of learning
It is the attempt to imitate human intelligence
It is the intelligence of technological objects / devices, such as software, the internal functioning of technological machines, etc.
It is the use of a program to make something smart when it is not.
The way to play online with your friends.
A program that learns from its mistakes
Well, something that I did not have before
Automatic learning.
It's like when you enter Netflix or HBO when you enter you get movies that you see often
They are the programs so that the machines, computers, ... are interactive
are the methods that humans use to recreate our intelligence in technological devices
A form of intelligence created by humans to be developed by machines.
It is the development of humans but carried out by robots
Artificial intelligence is the knowledge that a machine learns from the practices we give it
A device that reacts to what is happening around it
It is the part of technology that makes machines think through algorithms
I think it is a way to make computers do a series of functions individually without the help of people.
Artificial Intelligence is a part of Computer Science in which we can make machines have intelligent and reasonable behaviors (for this we must program them).
It is a type of technology that makes machines think and perform actions on their own.
Artificial intelligence is intelligence that is not human.
I believe that it is a way in which a machine can communicate with practice, or hit an image that a human or another machine has drawn, thus learning, gathering information.
A type of technology
It is the behavior that the machines present when interacting through the functions with which it has been programmed
artificial intelligence is any type of electronic device in which you can surf the internet
An artificial intelligence is a programmed thing like the Netflix recomanations that puts you because you have seen such a series and you get several recomanations.
It is a tool that allows a programmed electronic device to act autonomously.
I think it's when a video game plays as if someone was playing through the screen
I believe that artificial intelligence are "robots" that have the ability to learn. These robots have memory and can help us. They are able to memorize more things than you teach them. An example of where these robots can be used would be in a game of chess.
I think it's the things that your mobile or Netflix recommends.
is that of electronic devices
virtual help
artificial intelligence is as if in google you put EJ: how to make paper airplanes and the next day you want to put the same thing, it comes out automatically.
Any device programmed to interpret orders and perform tasks depending on the order it receives. Some of these devices are also capable of learning to interpret new commands.
A system through robots understand the process they have to perform.
Artificial Intelligence are algorithms by which the machine is capable of "thinking".
It is a program to do activities that a person can do
They are systems that think for themselves in the same way that a human would think
It is creating things that simulate that they have a life of their own, but created by man
I believe it is to give machines the ability to perform human actions
It is the intelligence of a technological device, intelligence being the ability to make decisions for itself.
The ability for a computer to do work thinking it is a human
Intelligence in objects so that they have capacities similar or equal to us
A type of technology that is based on the intelligence of machines, which acts through tools such as self-learning, with the aim of maximizing their efficiency and performance. Somehow AI tries to replicate human thinking and reasoning.
It is the capacity of a machine, programmed so that it can carry out tasks by itself
artificial intelligence are systems that do things like humans, actuate and function like these.
It is an intelligence that is not in the real world
Machines that learn to think.
Electronic devices that learn the commands with which they are programmed to respond automatically.
I think they are like systems that think like humans, or something similar.
It is when before a console goes on sale they test it in case it has a fault.
to program robots to think
That machines can learn.
intelligence carried out by machines
It is an intelligence that machines use
An intelligence that has the computer or something like
Create life amb aparats electronics
I believe that it is intelligence that is used by machines.
They are machines that perform the tasks that you tell them
It is a robot that thinks for itself, I mean that nobody controls it
It is a faculty of the mind that allows to learn, understand, make decisions and form a certain idea of ​​reality.
A robot's ability to learn on the go
It is the intelligence of machines.
A device, capable of learning by itself or by commands
They are a series of systems with the mission with a series of algorithms that allow it to emulate human intelligence, even with certain limitations.
is intelligence carried out by machines
I think they are machines that learn to think
intelligence carried out by machines
They are robots and machines that think like people
It is the intelligence of machines, electronic devices, etc.
Artificial intelligence I think is what you think, for example these tests are artificial intelligence to know if you know how to answer without looking for it in google
I think it's about what robots can do
machines that respond by themselves by programming
machines that think
It is the intelligence created by humans on robots or other electronic devices.
A robot
It is an intelligence that we cannot think of, it is imaginary, that's why it is artificial
Artificial intelligence is a type of intelligence created by humans, which over time has helped us to perform tasks more easily
Artificial intelligence is a system that collects or is administered information on a certain subject and which is programmed to be able to develop all the ramifications that a system could require using a neural system which wants to adapt as humanly possible to be able to think and reasoning this process is carried out by a computer
I think they are systems or machines that learn to think and reason like humans.
a system of orders that form an "automatic" problem solving capacity depending on the limits that are placed on it
It is the name that is used to talk about the latest technology
A robot that is operated by means of computers or by itself is a computer.
It is a study that allows to develop the thoughts that humans make through computers
what computers think like humans
New technology, like robots ... an object for example to which you ask anything, and it answers you giving information.
A scientific program.
the intelligence of robots
Artificial Intelligence is an object that is programmed to do things and those objects are: a computer, a mobile, a tablet ...
It is one that is carried out by machines that create programs and mechanisms that are considered intelligent.
The set of knowledge accumulated by computers that allows them to improve more and more to the point of being able to make decisions imitating human thought.
That intelligence that does not come from a human being, but from something created by him, such as the intelligence of a robot.
When a console is going to come out, it is first tested to see if it has faults.
I believe that it is the intelligence that electronic devices have in order to function properly.
Computer intelligence
The capacity that an electronic device can have of knowledge regarding the problems it faces. For example: identification of photographs, texts, etc.
A software that is used to help you perform complex functions.
I grew up to be a machine that controls for example a robot
It is a branch of computing, which allows machines to learn with experience and then to be able to do tasks like people.
It is computing in which machines think like human beings.
Artificial intelligence is contained in an electronic device that can make you a facial scan to know if you are the owner or to know what feeling you feel
An intelligence that is not human, that is, that is not natural, that is from machines or something similar.
an intelligent equipment or machine
Well, it is made by one thing for example a factory
It is for example on Netflix, you watch a series and it makes suggestions that have to do with the series you are watching or movies you watch.
It is like a living being created by humans.
I think it is like a system that thinks like people like a robot
It is the process by which a machine learns on its own from its experience
Something that knows a lot, like robots, but that depends on a person because they are machines.