It is one that has a machine and that helps us solve a simple or complex problem.
Artificial intelligence is everything that is related to making a machine capable of solving a problem in which the solution requires intelligence.
Machines make decisions by mimicking human behavior
Artificial intelligence is a robot that imitates being a human
Artificial intelligence (AI) is the intelligence of computers
Robots think alone with the information you give them.
The programming that we want to put into a machine so that it acts like a human.
It is what the human program to behave like him.
Computer systems that think like humans.
A thinking machine
They are algorithms capable of learning and interpreting things that have not been foreseen during their design, thanks to initial examples.
it's the way a machine learns
combination of algorithms that are presented to a machine so that it acts as a human.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the combination of algorithms proposed with the purpose of creating
The technology of the day to day.
It is an operating system that thinks and learns by itself.
It is intelligence carried out by machines
artificial intelligence is that a machine is capable of solving problems.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines. It is an intelligence created by the human being, it depends on how you program it, it will have some functions or others.
Computers with human intelligence (robots)
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines.
artificial intelligence is an intelligence that humans create to help us and make things easier for us
Artificial intelligence consists of a device being endowed with certain intelligence necessary to do some types of work.
The way we train a computer, and the way it learns and expresses that information.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is an area of ​​programming and computing, its function is to build intelligent machines capable of completing tasks that only human intelligence is capable of doing; it seeks to "imitate" human reasoning and bring it to a technological model. This intelligence tries to advance technology by granting machine learning and deep learning to machines.
is the intelligence carried out by machines
Artificial intelligence is intelligence that is produced with machines.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence of computers or electronic devices.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence used by machines, computers ...
programs that analyze the data, classify it and give an answer.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a system that you can train so that it gradually gains intelligence and begins to think like humans.
Artificial intelligence is what makes the app mechanism work
It is the ability of a machine at different levels to simulate human intelligence for solving problems or designated tasks.
It is the ability of devices to learn to do processes automatically thanks to previous training of humans
An intelligence that far exceeds us.
Artificial Intelligence is a way of being able to train a program and that it can learn from a database
Artificial intelligence is intelligence carried by machines
Artificial intelligence is everything that has to do with a machine capable of solving problems "
It is something related to the self-sufficiency to some degree of a machine.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines.
Everything that a machine is capable of solving a problem for which some kind of intelligence is needed.
Artificial Intelligence is the scientific field of computing that focuses on the creation of programs and mechanisms that can display behaviors considered intelligent.
It is the capacity of a machine / program to, based on a database, divide and distinguish texts or images.
It is the design and programming of machines, so that they carry out various actions.
Programs that carry out actions that were carried out by humans, we would not hesitate to affirm that intelligence was necessary for their performance
is the software designed so you can have human-like thoughts of your own
It is a program that, from a series of trainings that is given in its programming, learns by itself
Processes that require edges of human intelligence
Processes that mimic the edges of human intelligence
AI is the attempt to mimic human intelligence using a robot, or software.
intelligence represented in electronic devices through certain operations or realizations of commands.
It is everything that has to do with making a machine capable of solving problems that need intelligence.
Artificial intelligence is a way of creating games.
It is the intelligence carried out by machines
Well, I think it's the future
machine learning
When you go to Netflix and they stock movies that you see often
They are programming to make the machines have a more human behavior
It is the science that seeks to create machines that solve problems that require intelligence.
It is the learning of a machine through a series of parameters written by the human being
I think it is using technology so that it can work automatically without needing a person controlling the machine all the time and working alone.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence of the machine when learning concepts that we contribute
It is an algorithm with which the computer learns data that it then uses in a program
Using an algorithm to be able to relate images or voice or text and associate them so that the machine when it detects it knows how to identify it.
It is a technique that allows computers to be trained with sample data to perform certain tasks; instead of having to program them with an explicit set of steps and rules to follow.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines. With it, we can carry out very interesting projects.
It is the ability of a machine to be able to perform actions and make decisions on its own.
Artificial intelligence is that of computers, an intelligence that I believe cannot be attained by a human being.
Artificial intelligence is a way of making a machine recognize expressions or images similar to the one in the example we used to train it.
the search for a machine to think like the human mind
It is a capacity of machines that are given to learn and associate similar data to the same category of data
The intelligence of electronic devices
Artificial Intelligence is the set of electronic devices that use intelligence or a kind of reasoning.
It is a tool that is programmed to games so that it appears that someone is playing behind the screen
Artificial intelligence is a learning system that electronic devices have, in which, from a fragment of what you are looking for, the computer learns it and is able to detect everything about it.
A robot that processes information
The intelligence of electronic devices
Intelligence that cannot be touched but is there and can be of use to us for many things.
It is a type of technology superior to normal human tasks.
Well, artificial intelligence is like games that you have objects and you exit the game and everything you have there is saved.
Any machine that uses some kind of intelligence to perform a task.
It is a program that determines the actions or processes of an object or an app
It is a machine that, through a series of algorithms and learning, is capable of developing a type of simple intelligence.
Artificial intelligence is the knowledge that a device acquires
It is to make a machine capable of solving problems in which the solution is needed some characteristic of intelligence
The ability of machines to learn and perform human actions
Artificial intelligence is a combination of algorithms designed to create machines that have similar or equal capabilities to humans.
The ability of a computer to think as if it were a human to be able to solve certain problems.
Artificial intelligence is what wants to make machines achieve more human qualities.
A developing technology that tries to emulate the functioning of the human brain, specifically, human intelligence.
A way to answer a question without necessarily being a human
it is computer science in order to do actions and think like humans
It is an emotional intelligence
Teach machines to think
It is a technology that is learning through an algorithm and is capable of recognizing texts, words, images, etc. By herself.
artificial intelligence is that when you train devices to do something when they learn it is called artificial intelligence
Let robots think for themselves without us programming them
That machines can learn and look like people.
It is the combination of algorithms proposed with the purpose of creating machines that have the same capabilities as humans.
combination of algorithms proposed with the purpose of creating machines that have the same capabilities as humans
It is an intelligence that the electronics and permet fer moltes month coses of them that fas amb l'ordinador.
artificial intelligence is an object programmed to do things.
I do not know
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines
machines that solve problems
Create computer programs that run operations
It is a system that if it is subjected to different situations, orders etc ... Try to choose the correct or most reliable option
AI is the intelligence of machines.
It is a mechanism capable of learning through training to be more capable and improve itself.
It is a machine that tries to emulate or simulate aspects of human intelligence
it is intelligence carried out by machines.
Is that mechanisms think like people
It is a constellation of technologies that allow machines to perceive, understand, act and learn
It is the intelligence that machines use.
THE INTELLIGENCE OF A MACHINE
artificial intelligence is an intelligence that computers show us to teach us things, for example in what year picasso was born
It is the intelligence of the machines
it is intelligence created by humans
Machines that think for humans
It is the intelligence that we teach computers so that they are able to recognize things different from others or to do other work.
A robot
I believe it is intelligence carried out by machines
Artificial intelligence is a system that works from the collection of elements or data and these are interpreted by a neural network in a computer in order to obtain answers or different types of possible factors to certain problems
It is the ability of a machine to solve problems or recognize a text in which a characteristic of intelligence is needed.
A mechanism created based on a delivery of sufficient data to be able to make autonomous decisions based on the problems raised
What is used to teach computers an action that they have to perform themselves.
An AI is a robot that learns by training
Computer program designed to perform certain operations that are considered typical of human intelligence, such as self-learning.
that computers think like humans
It is a program made by machines.
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines.
artificial intelligence is a computer, a tablet, a mobile ... they are objects that are programmed.
It is that intelligence carried by machines
It is the ability of a computer to learn with certain base data that it will then use to understand or manipulate new information that it has not previously recognized.
A type of technology that helps us perform some manual tasks more quickly and accurately.
It is a computer intelligence for the computer to detect whether it is correct or not through the fields that you indicate.
false intelligence
It is a complex definition, but it consists of how a computer, through some elements that you give it, may be able to learn them and when you put a different element on it, it will be able to identify it.
what requires a machine with intelligence to solve problems.
It is an intelligence that if your poses you sew, they will learn according to what you have posed
 It is one of the branches of Informatics, which makes it possible for machines to learn from experience, adjust to new contributions and perform tasks like human beings
Artificial intelligence is the intelligence carried out by machines.
I think it is an electronic device
Intelligence that is not human, but that of electronic devices and the like
artificial intelligence is everything that a computer / machine can solve some intelligence problems
Well, what is created by a machine or factory
I believe that artificial intelligence is an intelligence used by robots, mobiles ...
It is an intelligence programmed into computers, mobiles ... that for example if you watch a series later, the tablet, computer ... will recommend series similar to the one you have seen or also program a robot and learn the phrases that you have programmed.
An object with a function.
Jo grew up with machines like robots
anything to do with a machine using some intelligence
That a machine solves a problem and needs some intelligence